---
title: My Resume
date: 2024-03-30 11:31 -0400
categories: [Portfolio]
tags: [resume]
comments: false
pin: true
---
## Work Experience
#### Technical Support Engineer I @ Tenable
###### Jan 2024 - Present
* Conducted in-depth analysis of vulnerability scan results, system audits, and log events to detect and mitigate security threats, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of critical systems and data.
* Leveraged expertise in network security tools such as Nessus and SEIM products (Splunk, ElasticSearch) to proactively identify and address potential security vulnerabilities and incidents.
* Collaborated closely with internal teams to triage and respond to security incidents, including investigating and remediating customer-reported security issues, and coordinating with Product Management and Research & Development to implement necessary fixes and improvements.
* Developed and maintained comprehensive documentation on cybersecurity processes, procedures, and best practices, contributing to the enhancement of organizational security posture and regulatory compliance.
* Participated in ongoing training and professional development activities to stay abreast of emerging cyber threats, technologies, and industry standards, and applied this knowledge to continuously improve security operations and customer support services

#### Deplyoment Engineer @ Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services
###### Oct 2023 - Jan 2024
* Deployed and administrated PCs to multiple sites across Maryland to upgrade equipment
* Identified and fixed software compatibility post-deployment to allow for a seamless transition
* Consulted remediation steps for vulnerability reports
* Created custom images and collaborated with the team using Active Directory to automatically set GPOs and create OUs for the new deployments

#### Security Analyst @ Trapp Technology
###### May 2022 – July 2023
* Actively monitored and investigated security alerts for hundreds of businesses as part of a 24/7 MSSP team.
* Increased SOC productivity by creating custom IDS/Firewall rules, reducing alert fatigue.
* Lead efforts to counter security breaches to anticipate and reduce the likelihood of future security alerts and incidents.
* Review SIEM/SOAR alerts to assess relevance and urgency
* Leveraged multiple EDRs such as Cybereason and Windows Defender to secure and monitor endpoints
* Oversee and configure security monitoring tools. 
* Correlated alerts with MITRE ATT&CK TTPs to better signal possible incidents.

#### Sever Engineer @ Hemmersbach (HPE Project)
###### Nov 2021 – June 2022
* Individually supported numerous VIP customers such as PwC, BoA, and Facebook, providing excellent customer service and resolved issues promptly as needed to meet SLA’s, being on call 24/7 for months at a time.
* Performed installation/decommissioning and break/fix services for servers, SANs, and network switches.
* Maintained precise ticket documentation, and contributed to SOPs for other engineers.

#### Service Technician @ Microcenter
###### June 2020 – Oct 2021
* Provided technical explanations, problem analysis, and recommended complete solutions to walk-in customers through consultative solution selling; built repeat business through customer satisfaction.
* Traveled to partner stores to train new technicians and to lower repair queue volume.

## EDUCATION
#### Bachelor’s of Science in Cybersecurity Information and Assurance
###### Western Governors University - Graduated Mar 2023
#### Bachelor’s of Science in Software Engineering
###### Western Governors University - Graduated Oct 2023

## CERTIFICATIONS

* EC-Council: CEH, CEH Practical, CEH Master
* CompTIA : A+, Network+, Security+, CySA+, Pentest+, Project+
* Microsoft : Security, Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals, 365 Fundamentals, AZ-900, AI-900, DP-900
* ISC2: SSCP
* AWS: CSAA, CCP
* Cybereason: Certified Threat Hunter, Certified Threat Analyst
* ITIL: ITILv4 Certification

## PROJECTS

#### Security Engineer
###### NexasAi
Developed security program to support CMS application. Including developing custom server
monitoring software and interacting with Microsoft Sentinel and Defender, as the app is hosted on
Azure instances. Created risk management, vulnerability management, incident response
management, and change management policies and SOPs.

#### Security Engineer
###### MyTrendingStories
Developed a security program to support web server social media applications. Created risk
management, vulnerability management, incident response management, and change
management policies and SOPs. Used cloud native security tools in Google cloud platform to secure the application,  alongside manual penetration testing and vulnerability scanning.

## ADDITIONAL
#### Skills
C#, HTML, Javascript, Angular, PHP, Python, Windows, Docker, Incident Response, SIEM/SOAR Analysis, Anomaly Detection, Log Analysis, Network Security, Communication, Endpoint Security, Reporting, TCP/IP Protocols, Cybereason, MySQL, MongoDB, Vulnerability Scanning, Penetration Testing, Project Management
#### Languages
Native in English and Spanish, Elementary in Catalan, and Russian
